modifying core-concepts and adding feature: projects (#2301)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/plus/core-concepts/datasets.md

  
A dataset is a physical collection of data and dlt metadata including the schema on a destination. One destination can have multiple datasets; for now, datasets are bound to a physical destination, but this may change in future iterations.

By treating datasets as individual entites, dlt+ enables data cataloging and data governance.  
  
#### Data cataloging  
  

> Datasets automatically create data catalogs that can be used to discover schema, and read and write data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datasets automatically create data catalogs that can be used to discover schema, and [read and write data](../features/security.md).
```

#### Data governance  
  

> Datasets are a fundamental unit of governance in the package. Using the declarative interface of dlt+, it is possible to control:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datasets are a fundamental unit of governance in the dlt+ Project. Using the declarative interface of dlt+, you can control:  
```

> 1. where they are materialized: you can specify which destinations you would like to materialize the datasets in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Where they are materialized: you can specify which destinations you would like to materialize the datasets in.
```

> 2. who can access them: you can enable and disable them per profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Who can access them: you can enable and disable them per profile.
```

> 3. who can modify the schemas: you can also set schema contracts per profile.

Reviewer 2: It's not only about who can modify the schema but in which ways it can be modified. You should also link to schema contracts from here.

Author: Modified this in the latest commit
